[OSDOCS#17009] CQA 2.1 for vSphere UPI preparing-to-install (#115460)
openshift/openshift-docs: installing/installing_vsphere/upi/upi-vsphere-preparing-to-install.adoc

> toc::[]
> 
> [role="_abstract"]
> You prepare to install an {product-title} cluster on vSphere by completing the following steps:

Reviewer: The short description [must not include self referential language ("This document describes...")](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1Hmtu4wz6jHYVoDOi4YP4UcC4N2FIGKRTBfIz_nKUj2I/edit?gid=503904153#gid=503904153) and should be a full sentence. 

```suggestion
[role="_abstract"]
You should familiarize yourself with the steps you must perform before install an {product-title} cluster on vSphere.

You prepare to install an {product-title} cluster on vSphere by completing the following steps:
```

* Downloading the installation program.
+
[NOTE]
====

> If you are installing in a disconnected environment, you extract the installation program from the mirrored content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are installing in a disconnected environment, you extract the installation program from the mirrored content. For more information, see "Mirroring images for a disconnected installation".
```
